Update README (#3863)
SonarSource/SonarJS: README.md

# Features

- Advanced rules based on pattern matching and control flow analysis
- [340 JS rules](https://rules.sonarsource.com/javascript) and [340+ TS rules](https://rules.sonarsource.com/typescript)
- [25 CSS rules](https://rules.sonarsource.com/css)
- Compatible with ECMAScript 2015-2020

> - React JSX, Flow, Vue, and AWS YAML support for JavaScript and TypeScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- React JSX, Flow, Vue, and AWS lambda functions support for JavaScript and TypeScript
```
